[CUBRIDMAN-263] Add a description and usage examples for the 'SHOW LOG|ARCHIVE LOG HEADER' statement (#576)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/query/show.rst

::

    SHOW LOG HEADER [OF file_path];
    
If you omit **OF** *file_path*, it shows the header information of a memory; if you include **OF** *file_path*, it shows the header information of *file_path*.
In file_path, you can input either the relative path or the absolute path of the active log file.

> When entering a relative path, the base path is the folder where the active log file is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When entering a relative path, the base path is the directory where the active log file is located.
```

Author: 수정하였습니다.

    SHOW ARCHIVE LOG HEADER OF file_name;

> In file_path, you can input either the relative path or the absolute path of the active log file.
> When entering a relative path, the base path is the folder where the active log file is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In file_path, you can input either the relative path or the absolute path of the archive log file.
When entering a relative path, the base path is the directory where the archive log file is located.
```

Author: 수정하였습니다.
